c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\nancy-razor.exe.config
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\nancy-razor.exe
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\nancy-razor.pdb
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Nancy.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Nancy.Owin.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Nancy.ViewEngines.Razor.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Topshelf.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Nancy.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Nancy.Owin.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Nancy.ViewEngines.Razor.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\obj\Debug\nancy-razor.exe
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\obj\Debug\nancy-razor.pdb
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Views\HelloWorld.cshtml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\Views\Layout.cshtml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.dll
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.xml
c:\users\bassj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\nancy-razor\nancy-razor\obj\Debug\nancy-razor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
